we prepare to start the pasta
most serious sports in the world brazil
2014 and we are simple
and everything seems to indicate that miguel herrera
will continue to respond to critics
his work but from now on he will do it
measured and without exasperation this
day he spoke of the criticisms he made to his
I work also strategist tomás boy
I have a World Championship ahead and he
you have to save your team from
descent then you have to be
focused on what we have to do
1 to 10 and you say nothing, I'm going to
focus on working with the selection
to give the results that are intended
and the one that focuses on the back for
be able to save it from the census and end point
it's over I say no there's not so much to talk about
I see him on the court to shout
order but in the dressing room that all
that have a good respect and respect
that he has earned with what he did to
world level not what he did in mexico
but globally for me
right now it 's an important moment to give them
that security and that he has assumed
that leader's charge here inside if I see it
I reiterate at work I see it every day
talk about finishing the court then
this one that has gone back but in this
moment for me is working
pretty good there's no criticism of all
forms we have all spoken in the bosom
boys team that brought
who are the ones who have spoken that
criticisms are like the calls to mass the
who wants to dance in a few moments
we are dedicated to play now
deal with the result and with the
work that we make clear what
we are doing so that everyone can trust
in this selection to rip me a lot
Marquez Diego Reyes Moreno
by paul aguilar saved there comes the
doubt if I play with containment medina
herrera by right mounts by left
or restraint herrera aquino por
right mountains on the left the only
doubt and then pea and oribe peralta
rivas miguel herrera also sent a
message to Mexican soccer players that
they play in European football at
tell them that tomorrow's game is not
the only opportunity they have for
earn a ticket and accompany him to the
next world cup of brasil 2014
from Atlanta Georgia with images of
alejandro esquivel sergio álvarez root
already online with mediotiempo.com